Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(English Subtitles brought to you by Yeoniverse ~ Yoo Yeon Seok IFC)
(Translation and timing by Tokkipanda)
(Please do not hardsub or redistribute to your own YouTube accounts or other streaming sites.)
(Enjoy! visit yeoniverse.wordpress.com for more Yoo Yeon Seok goodies!)
Busy these days? You haven't been contacting me.
Ah, I don't? How about a dinner tonight?
I have a boyfriend.
Okay. Contact me when you break up with him.
[Moon Chae Won]
[Yoo Yeon Seok]
They still couldn't contact Kang Jin Chul.
He doesn't answer messages and calls. He doesn't even come to the office.
If their representative called for me, say I'm not in the office.
I'm going crazy because Jin Chul is unreachable.
Hey, Jaehyun is calling. Work hard!
Jaehyun, you've arrived?
(English Subtitles brought to you by Yeoniverse ~ Yoo Yeon Seok IFC)
(Translation and timing by Tokkipanda)
(Please do not hardsub or redistribute to your own YouTube accounts or other streaming sites.)
(Enjoy! visit yeoniverse.wordpress.com for more Yoo Yeon Seok goodies!)
[The Mood of That Day]
[Looking forward for basketball superstar Kang Jinchul to join the NBA]
Team leader, are you okay? That guy's crazy!
I don't know, I'm too embarrassed so I just left.
Have you contacted his agency? What did they said?
He's still unreachable
The department store must already know Kang Jinchul's unreachable, will our PPT be okay?
Let's just try our best. What else can we do?
It's broken again.
Please, just buy another one.
How many times has this happened?
If I can still use it, why would I throw it?
You'll be uneasy not knowing when or where it will break again.
You've been using that for so long.
Where's the thing I asked you?
It's this?
It's not your style, but isn't it alright?
Yeah, but the color is...
Pink is for girls! Pink!
The size too...
Aren't these heels pretty too?
For a touch of sexiness! Ang!
I just arrived.
Let them practice more shoulder pass.
It's a chaos in Busan right now.
The guy from the last try out.
From the last time? Who?
The guy who was good at passing
OK. I got it.
Minho, let's be confident and work hard on all the games left,
If this season ends well, I'm surely going to get you 2,500,000 won for your FA. Okay?
Please finish it until lunch. Alright?
Alright!
Hey! I finally found you!
Hurry up!
Hello?
Byeong Hee, I'm busy right now. What happened with you and Yoon Joo?
Hey, wait for me.
Seems like a nice catch. Good for you?
Hey, hey.
This jerk!
What is it?
Just wait, I'll tell when Soojung comes.
Have you called her? Oh, she's here.
What happened?
Two 10am tickets to Busan.
By the way, last night you left together with that girl, right?
I'm sorry, but you'll have to take separate seats.
It doesn't matter.
Did you sleep with her?
Is it okay if you both sit in different passenger coach?
Yes it's okay.
Did you really sleep with her?
So, you're interested in her.
Huh? Hey... that's not what I mean.
Here, two tickets to Busan.
Thank you, Sol Ji.
This jerk. Hey, does it always work for you if you want to?
How fearless. How can you marry someone you saw for the first time?
Hey, look, if you should marry someone you've been dating for so long, Soojung would've been already...
Anyway, congratulations. What kind of person is he? I'm curious.
Right, you came from the same high school.
Really? Who?
Min Seo. Oh Min Seo.
Do you know him?
I don't know. How could I? We don't know him, right?
I'm not sure, I don't remember well. Oh Min Seo?
Ah right, you said you're heading to Busan? Hurry and go.
Yoonjoo, nice to hear from you. I'll give you souvenirs when I come back.
Yeah, give it when you come back. Go.
Today's horoscope.
Turn back, if you don't you'll end up having a hard time.
Have you sent them the...?
Yeah yeah, let me look at yours too.
Hey. Yours is once in a lifetime chance.
It must be finding Jin Chul.
Hey how come everything always work out for you?
Hurry up!
Hey Jaehyun, wait for me.
Wait for me.
Here. See you later.
[Are you okay?]
[What]
[Isn't Oh Min Seok your first love?]
[Did you tell her?]
[No. Should I tell her?]
[I will kill you if you tell her.]
[He didn't even said a word when your relationship ended. How could he marry her in a sudden?]
[It must be their fate..]
Is there something outside?
Huh?
You've been staring outside, I just thought there's something interesting to see.
You haven't had breakfast, right?
I'm fine.
Have some.
How can I receive from someone I don't know?
How can I be a someone you don't know, we're neighbors.
Seatmates.
Please have some.
Okay.
Does it taste alright?
Yes.
How far are you going?
To Busan.
Alone?
Me too.
This is what you call fate.
Or should we say coincidence?
Are you okay?
Excuse me, do you have a tissure?
We don't have.
Do you have a banana milk?
We don't have it, ma'am.
How about coffee milk?
We don't have it either, ma'am.
Just a moment.
[Dong Wook Oppa ♥]
Someone's calling you.
Hello?
Oh, I'm very sorry ma'am.
Excuse me?
That's okay, you're not even that hurt.
Ahjumma!
Your phone...
Hello? Just a moment.
Oh, oppa..
I've been doing all such things today. It's been daebak since this morning.
- Right now...
- Soojung...
Oh?
Send the laptop to me.
Ah... I told you this morning that I'll be on a business trip.
Oh... Alright then.
Are you busy?
I'm busy right now, let's talk later.
Alright then.
This...
Are you perhaps, hitting on me?
Why?
Can't I?
I have a boyfriend.
Ah, yes.
Drinking it after asking if I'm hitting on you, clearly means it's okay.
Isn't it?
Of course not!
Here, take it.
It doesn't matter to me.
Because I like you. Specially....
This feeling.
Let's get things straight.
I really don't like someone straight forward like you.
Let's see.. So it's not because you have a boyfriend, it's because I'm not your style.
I like your honesty.
Then, I'll tell you frankly.
Today... If you're fine with it, I'm going to sleep with you.
I've fallen for you.
This won't do. This really won't do.
Take this.
- Excuse me, that's my seat.
- I'm sorry.
- Ah, I see..
It's here.
Why?
Excuse me. I'm sorry.
You there. Please let's never let out a single word until we reach Busan.
Sure.
Then the first one who talks will treat a meal in Busan. Ok?
[Byeong Hee]
To be honest, among the three of us, I thought you'll be the first to get married
In college, there were a lot of guys who were after you.
Hey, I don't talk about it but even now, there's still guys after me.
Hey Bae Soojung, what are you saying?
What's with the laughter
It's true!
I'm not buying it.
Even the guy who sits next to me a while ago is asking me to sleep with him.
What? You slept with the guy who sits beside you?
- Bae Soojung.
- What's going on?
Hey. Are you Kang Jin Chul?
Nevermind, if we failed to send him to NBA, we're done!
Understand? Confirm it and call me again.
Excuse  me?
You're going to treat me a meal?
Is the Kang Jin Chul you just mentioned, the basketball player Kang Jin Chul?
You're treating me a meal.
Are you meeting Kang Jin Chul in Busan?
Alright, I will. I will.
OK. You're treating me for real, right?
Is it right?
The agency name and number is all correct.
How did you meet him?
- Is he really player Kang's....?
- I'll call you again later.
Alright, I'll see what I can do.. Okay.
We're at Miryang station. Let's get off together.
Here?
You must be getting Jin Chul's signature
Isn't it important?
You don't seem to be in a hurry.
See you again, if it's our fate.
Ah..
Wait..
But if we go now, are you sure we're going to meet him?
Of course, we can meet him.
Excuse me?
- I don't want to lend it!
- I'll bring it back.
Hurry!
- Alright. I'll lend it.
- I don't have time. Hurry.
What should I do?
Jin Chul... Is he really not going to America?
Why is he not going? He's going, you know what kind of opportunity that is.
Excuse me, but the time is...
Yeah, I understand.
Are you Jaehyun's girlfriend?
No... we were an acquaintance,
How come... there is such a beauty here in Busan?
- It's to die for!
- Hey.
Why? You said you're an acquaintance?
Then in Busan.. were you classmates?
Yeah! (in Busan dialect)
Why have I not seen you before?
I am Kim Jaehyun. May I know my classmate's name? (in Busan dialect)
I'm Bae Soojung.
Are you really Soojung? You've gotten prettier! (in Busan dialect)
[Hey, send me a photo of that guy]
If you really got his signature, hang out with me.
I told you I have a boyfriend.
Did I ask to be your boyfriend? I just want to have fun with you for a day.
Even if it's just for a while, I won't hang out with a big mouthed person like you
Do you know me that well?
I don't know you well.
But why?
Anyway. I'm not that kind of person.
What did you came for?
I'm Jin Chul's basketball senior.
This is my wife.
Ah, yes.
What to do, Jin Chul's not here.
The reporters came here too.
Please come and greet inside.
I don't think player Kang is coming. I'll be leaving first.
If I keep on waiting, I'll be late for my presentation.
Just sit there. I'll take you there so you won't be late.
It's an etiquette to eat before leaving at a wake.
What?
You still have to buy me a meal. Let's just say this is your treat.
Okay. I think I'll feel comfortable after this. Let's make it this meal.
No, I'm not drinking.
Sure, just receive it.
I still have to drive too, anyway.
I'm just receiving it.
You have so much things you don't want to do.
Don't worry, I take care of the good things myself.
Ah really? What kind of good things?
- There's a lot.
- Like what, what?
Nevermind. You might just say something again.
I told you I'm not drinking.
Dad...
Dad..
Are you crying?
Why am I like this today?
But.. why did you cry?
I just remembered someone.
Who passed away?
My father.
Ah, I'm sorry.
It's okay. It's been a long time anyway.
Do you come here often in Busan?
I've been in Haeundae with my college friends.
I know a good restaurant called Mujigae Restaurant. Do you want to eat lunch together there after your presentation?
- Their seafood soup is to die for!
- I need to go back to Seoul right after.
I think you're too hardworking in life.
Why?
Is it wrong to live my life in hardwork?
It's like your target is wind.
Why are you so (???)... If you get off the car, no one's gonna see you.
How long have you been dating?
10 years.
Daebak. I didn't know there are still people like that.
What fun did you guys do for 10 years?
Get married to him, if not, just leave.
I will get married to him.
You are because you think you should.
I think you are seeing me as a very frustrating woman just because I declined to have a one night stand with you.
Even If I act like this, you're still rebelling
Okay, but have you ever experienced having a one night stand?
Since when did someone sleeping with only one person became such an embarrassing thing?
This all happened because of men!
'Hey you pathetic girls, it's such a pleasurable thing, why are you staying still there.'
'Don't go, and enjoy it. If you don't you'll look pathetic.'
So, are you satisfied with sleeping with only one man?
Then what about you?
If you do i... i..
Do what?
A-alone..
Say it louder. No one's going to hear you.
What makes it doing it alone better than doing it with woman?
Hey! Be careful!
In the end, you like it better when you do it with a woman.
That's what you call affection.
What I'm saying is...
You have to do it with someone you love, and not just anyone.
You need to be in love, and that's an emotion
I understand. Okay, why can't that just be for one night?
Nevermind. It's a sexual harassment to ask someone you've just met to have a one night stand.
It's a crime!
Isn't taking picture secretly a crime too?
Secretly taking a picture?
Look.
This.
I've taken it mistakenly while that car was moving.
What mistakenly? You took it well.
I just took it accidentally.
Alright then. Here.
Okay. Let's call it quits with this. Call?
I'm leaving.
Soojung. If you have something to want to say, say it now.
We won't ever see each other anyway.
I don't. Do sex a lot and be happy.
Hey.
My phone.
If you perhaps changed your mind, and decided to do it, contact me.
- Miguhara, please prepare.
- Yes.
Where? At the cafe.. do you see a yellow jeep car?
Okay. I saw it. You see a cafe right? take a U-turn from there.
- Alright, wait for me.
- Okay.
What's that?
Hey hey hey.
We, in Miguhara...
- is naturally made and..
- Excuse me?
If you're not going to use the projector, let's turn it off.
Yes, ah...
the new products...
Just like what you see right now, it's different from the other brands.
and you can see a great difference in the satisfation area.
There's an increase of 50% every year.
It says here that player Kang Jin Chul's CF is confirmed, is the contract already done?
In the broadcasts, it says he's just considering it.
- Anyways, player Kang is now in Busan
- In Busan?
Yesterday, I went to pay condolence to player Kang's grandfather.
Team leader, I heard you've made player Kang sign the contract?
I got a call from the department store. Is it real? Really?
It's not a lie, right?!
Then that means we'll now be able to take the 2nd floor in the dept. store? Right?
But how did you meet player Kang?
Is it because of the man you met at the train?
- How is he? Is he sexy?
- I'll call you later.
- Please call me later!
- Okay!
Mister, that place...
How can this happen...
Hey, this is all because of you!
Why is it because of me?
It's because of you looking at those women.
If you have just stopped, then I wouldn't have fallen in there.
Just think that you're lucky that you didn't lose your phone.
I have a precious thing in my wallet. My mom made that for me long time ago.
I smell like poop.
Good restaurant, my ass.
It's delicious.
Auntie, I'm here
How are you?
- Where's Jin Chul?
- Jin Chul just left a while ago.
How can you let him just leave? (not sure, it's busan dialet :c )
It's always like this!
Why can't you just let him be?
Auntie, why are there no people?
- We're eating here!
- Okay!
Seafood soup!
Did you change your mind?
No... that's not it.
There's no people inside the store and I'm was too hungry...
Didn't you come here cause I told you this store?
No.
Then did you come here cause you thought it doesn't exist?
No..
OK! So you did changed your mind.
- Look here. If you ask it again...
- Hello.
I'm Jaehyun's sunbae, Kang Dong Won.
Yes.. hello.. so you still haven't met player Kang?
Ah, she said he just left a while ago.
A while ago...
So you couldn't catch him now?
Don't worry.
Wow, so it's really our Oppa!
Wow, who is this? Isn't it our Songyi!
You've gotten really pretty!
I'm originally pretty!
How can you come to Busan often and not even show up to me. Aren't you being too much?
Forgive us!
Ah right, this is my girlfriend
What?
Really?
No, that's not it.
Aigoo. No? Why not?
- No, I'm not his girlfriend-
- Aigoo, oppa, your girlfriend is such a (??) style.
Why? But still, isn't she's pretty?
Well, who and when was your girlfriend not pretty? Every girlfriend you had was pretty!
I know right?
That woman!
Hey, isn't your skirt too short?
This is to die for!
Aigoo, how can I let you pay? Don't bother, you are my nephew's girlfriend!
- No
- Don't worry about it.
- If you don't let her pay, we'll be sorry, Auntie.
- I just really don't want you to bother.
- I'll send her off
- Come back.
Is she really your Aunt?
Then what am I?
Ah I see.
Hyung, I'll be back.
Aren't you being too much?
How can you fool them and introduce a girl you just once went for, as your girlfriend?
Did I bring you here?
You didn't. But...
How many girls have you brought there that they all have that look on me?
Okay, so you feel bad?
You said you've fallen for me?
Are you like that to every woman you've fallen for?
Well... every girl has a different charm.
So you take advantage of them?
Excuse me. There are a lot more people who are fun to play with, than you.
And, am I the only one having a good time?
It's great for each other, without having commitment.
Haven't you thought about this reason?
There are also people who can mess their life with that one time.
She has to take care of that problem herself. We're all adults.
There's a thing called forgiving in my dictionary.
Okay. I'm saying this all for once.
After all those big words of yours, there's surely going to be a time that you'll get hurt too.
Taxi!
You're going to Busan station, right?
Yes.
Anyway, I'd have to thank you for today.
Do it a lot, and be happy.
Let's go together.
Where?
Didn't you say you're going to Busan station? Just until there, I won't wish for more.
You reaaallllyyy have a lot of determination.
But I will never change my mind!
No, I've already gave up on sleeping with you.
But why?!
Oppa!
Jin Chul was found! Come quick!
Hey! We should go together!
Should you really send Jin Chul to America?
Of course. That opportunity was hard to get.
I know... but...
Don't you think he's different than you?
What?
I think he wants to join the NBA.
Who doesn't want to go to NBA? His life is caught on the line.
- He just haven't thought about it straight.
- To be honest, I think he's just someone who enjoys basketball.
He doesn't dream of being the best, like you.
If you can, please wait for him.
It doesn't hurt to give him some time to think.
Are you listening to me?
Why do you always bring that ball with you?
Ah, It was my gift to Jinchul when he started basketball.
He got it delivered back to me few days ago.
I have to send him to America no matter what, and make him succeed.
Do you know somewhere that's important to him?
There's one, but it's a bit hard to reach... will you be okay?
Move, move!
- Jae... jaehyu-
- He just (left)... that way...
Oh, there, that yellow car. Ahjussi, that one.
What the.. there's a truck in front of us!! Please overtake! Hurry!
Hurry! What are you doing?
Ahjusshi, is it okay to order me around because you have money?
No, but if you don't catch him, I can't pay you.
He will give you the taxi fare.
Ahjusshi, you don't have money?
I don't.
Where's my phone... my phone.. ahjusshi!!!
Will you be okay?
If it will be hard for you, just wait here. I'll come down right away.
Because we don't know when this guy will disappear again.
I can go up too.
Well then, shall we?
You won't perhaps look at my butt, aren't you?
I'm not that kind of person!
Okay. If he contacts you again, call me.
I'll call you. Okay.
Let's go. I think he's not here either.
This place is where Jinchul and I went often before.
I don't know much about basketball, but NBA must be really amazing, right?
Player Kang is a really strange person.
But at the same time, I'm jealous.
To be able to give up that kind of opportunity, for something more special.
But he gave it up for a girl. I'm dumbfounded.
At his age, it could be that love must be his everything. It's not easy to find an innocent love.
It's immaturity. Love will find him endlessly in the future.
Jaehyun?
Oh yeah...
It's Bo Kyung!
Right, Bo Kyung! You've gotten prettier, I didn't even recognize you.
What are you doing here?
Ah, I came here for work.
You've been living well right? How are you?
I've still been teaching. Nothing new.
You've been in charge for the 3rd years this time?
I'm an aerobic trainer.
Right? Hey, I heard 3rd year students does aerobic these days too... for exercise.
They do?  You haven't changed at all.
Did I disturbed you?
No. Not at all.
- Alright, see you.
- Yeah, see you again.
Ah, has she not forgotten me yet?
- Mom!
- Aigoo, my son...
You slept with that woman a while ago, right?
Ah, well...
You slept with a 3rd year teacher too, and you don't remember that woman as well.
Why?
Did you see the look she gave me? "So you're his girl for today?"
At the end of that look, there's something you didn't read.
What?
"That man was the best in bed, though"
You see the hole far there? Jinchul and I put most of the coins in there.
Yeah right.
It's true! I'm still a basketball player even if I'm that kind of person.
You must played basketball in some neighborhood.
That's right!
See that?
Well, it must be your luck.
Are you okay?
It's cold.
Soojung, sit here.
It's okay.
Why?
- Just stay still for a bit.
Aren't you uncomfortable walking?
What are you doing right now?
Your ankle is strained.
(talking about her Achilles tendon)
Endure it for a bit, even if it hurts.
Do you have (???)?
No, just (??)...
I think it's because I walk a lot.
Even if it looks nothing, it can be serious if you just let it be.
If you work with athletes, there are a lot worse than (???).
Once you come back to Seoul, treat it warmly and rest it.
Okay.
Does it feel better now?
Yes, it's okay now.
The rain has stopped.
Shall we go now?
- Here, this.
- Thank you.
Goodbye!
I think it will be hard to find Jin Chul today.
You're going to Busan station. right?
We're going to share all these in half.
So that no one's carrying all the responsibility.
You didn't have to say something like that.
It's 18,940 won.
- Split payment.
- What?
You might forget about it.
Soojung, you must be nervous...
Why are you in a hurry?
What?
Who was that person who lectured me about affection the whole day?
Even if this a one night stand, let's have some conversations first.
Don't kid!
I've taken so much courage.
Tonight, without any feelings...
Okay. I got it.
We're on the 15th floor. Who will see?
It's just bothering me even before.
Then, shall we?
Should you really ask that?
Soojung.
Yes?
Why did you... decide to sleep with me?
If you don't want to tell me, you don't have to.
I felt that you are a good person.
Me? What made me a good person?
But why do I have to keep saying good things about you?
Who knows?
Then, maybe it'll be left a good memory?
Okay.
Even if you date someone so easily, you seem to only focus on one person at a time.
And when you smiled to the child, it looked so genuine.
No matter how busy you are, you don't forget to eat 3 times a day.
That kind of good person.
Soojung.
Yes?
Why again?
Should we...
enjoy the air outside?
What?
Why?
Did I do something wrong?
No, that's not what I mean...
Then, I'll help you.
I don't think we should do it right now.
Ah, really.
I've even did all those.
What?
I've even came until here. Are you kidding me?
You're playing with me!
No, Soojung.. I... Soojung.
What kind of one night stand is this?
Soojung, wait.
- I think we have a misunderstanding.
- What misunderstanding?
I know you were offended but it's not what you think.
It doesn't matter.
Aren't we just a one night stand?
What I'm saying is...
I don't think we should do it.
I'm really dumbfounded with this person.
Look here. Where did that guy go? The guy who kept asking me all day to do it?
You even went out wearing that.
I only did that, cause I found you too pretty.
Where exactly am I pretty?
When you speak like that,
You act like you aren't going to answer but then you answer them all diligently.
You act like you won't accept it, but when I give you, you take it.
You're not even related to the person at the wake,
but you poured your tears.
You keep on following me, even if you're wearing heels.
Is that what made me pretty?
I have something to go with you, Soojung.
Oh, it's you during college.
So you were really a basketball player.
Are you okay? You've already had a lot earlier.
Tch, you said you weren't going to drink alcohol.
I did?
Really?
Yes, I did.
I'm really strange today.
Here.
Cheers!
You see,
It hasn't even been 2 months since they dated,
how can they do that, without even looking at the future?
Why can't I live the way I want to?
You're being too much on yourself just cause our one night stand failed.
I know.
How would you feel... if you break up with your boyfriend?
It would be unfair.
He's someone I spent with, in my 20s.
The guy I spent with in my teen years is marrying my friend,
and if the guy I spent with in my 20s is marrying another woman too,
then where do I place myself?
If you dated and broke up, does that erase the times you spent together?
How can you date again if you're scared?
I know that too.
It's just that it's harder than words said.
It's the memories that we spent together for 10 years.
How can I throw that away?
10 years or 20 years, what does it matter?
What I'm saying is,
Just think of today.
Right now. Just this moment.
There are also people who lives forever with that moment.
And to those people, it isn't just one day. It could also be their everyday.
How about this.
Let's play.
What?
Sure.
Me first!
Then... what should we bet for?
One night stand?
You're such a coward.
One, two, three.
That's unbelievable.
Player Kim Jaehyun is totally losing today!
Unbelievable. How can that happen?
What are you going to do with that?
To do a dunk shoot!
Dunk shoot?
I've always wanted to try this.
There.
Please hand me the ball.
Wow, this is daebak.
Jaehyun, look. This is really awesome.
Did you let go?
What?
You removed your hand?
Are you okay?
Why did you let go?
Let's go. Hurry.
Which punk is it... he didn't even turned the lights off.
Don't you hear something?
What did you say?
You said no one's going to come?
Ah? But they all went to (??)..
Wait for a bit.
That scared me. What are you doing here?
Is she a new member?
Who is it?
Huh? Yesterday...
Oh, isn't that a man's clothes?
No, this is my clothes. Oh, it's all dry.
It's really a man's clothes.
Excuse me.
In the end, we're leaving without meeting him.
If I meet Jin Chul, and receive his signature I'll contact...
How should we do our last greeting?
How would you want it?
Should we shake hands?
Or should we just hug?
Let's just...
part like this.
Soojung.
Goodbye.
You too, Jaehyun. Goodbye.
I went to Seoul. To meet you.
How do you feel? Are you okay?
He's always someone who's a (???).
Right. He must've gone to a good place now.
Hyung.
I don't need money.
Who said you're going there for money?
Aren't you doing this for money? Even the agency too.
Jin Chul, this opportunity doesn't come so often.
Do you think it's right that you're giving this up for a girl?
Hyung, it's not just a girl. She's someone I love. You know that too.
If not for my girlfriend, I wouldn't have come this far.
Jin Chul.
Hyung, just not right now. I'll come with you after a few years.
Hyung, you were the one who shaped me. But I'm at the right age to decide on my own.
Team leader, we're going off first.
- We're leaving first.
- Okay. You've worked hard.
Busy?
I'm back.
When do you finish?
Should I bring the laptop there?
Jinchul.
I'm not going to send him to America.
That's not something you decide on your own, you punk!
So? If (something something) happened, will you take responsibilty?
Do you want to ruin yourself, by continuing this?
Jaehyun, hand me Jin Chul's contract.
I've teared it.
Why?
Do you think the guys you brought here are just one or two? (not sure >_<)
I'm not working here for money.
Jaehyun.
Hey, Kim Jaehyun. Hey!
We've been together for 10 years.
Yeah.
During those years,
What kind of girlfriend was I to you?
Why are you suddenly like that?
During the 10 years,
What kind of girl was I to you?
What do you mean?
Ah, really.
Let's break up.
Did I really just asked us to break up?
You would've done the same, right?
Right.
Let's break up.
Let's part ways, oppa.
I don't want both of us to get hurt.
It's hard not being able to tell that we're having a hard time. Let's not make it hard for each other anymore.
We're ending it here, but that won't make our happy memories disappear.
If you have something to say, say it quickly.
If you're going to thank me, just leave.
Hyung.
I heard you left the company?
The gossip is fast.
I came to sign with you.
You once said, if you're confused, go with your first thought.
Hyung, I'm still a top star, even not for the NBA.
And you know it, I couldn't do anything with anyone but you.
Do me the favor, hyung.
Here.
What is this?
There's something like that, punk.
I came to find Bae Soojung.
She just left.
Did you already contact her?
No, I haven't.
Can you give this to her?
Sure.
Can I borrow a memo?
Did you really... break up?
But what did you say when you asked him?
- Hey, why are you asking that?
- Why?
I'm just curious how special did a 10 year relationship ended.
I didn't say much.
It might be a little late, but you did well on breaking up with him. Good job.
Are you okay?
Well... it's okay.
What about that guy? Did you contact him?
- No
- Why?
Was it bad?
It was good.
It was good but why?
Well...
You haven't forgotten that guy, am I right?
- No
- What No?
I know this would happen. That guy doesn't care about you and you're the only one thinking about him
And that's why you broke up with your boyfriend.
And now you're regretting it.
It's not like that.
Hey. Contact him right away.
You can sleep freely with other men now!
It's just a one night stand.
We met for that.
You're an unbelievably cool girl.
So, you're really not going to meet him again?
It wasn't that memorable to me.
It was a meaningless night.
I must be an expert with one night stand.
Yeah right, you can be single now, meet a couple of guys and have a chic relationship.
I will.
Thinking about it, it's not much of a big deal.
Woah, Bae Soojung.
You've finally became true to yourself now.
What are you doing here?
I have someone to see.
That possibly can't be me, right?
You're right. It's you.
What is it about?
How about tonight?
Thinking about it, it doesn't really have to be just one night.
What?
I'm talking about you and me.
Sometimes, it's okay to enjoy it lightly.
I thought that we matched really well.
What do you mean?
Should I repeat it?
Were you this kind of person?
So I've really mistaken you.
I'm leaving.
Do you know me that well?
We only met for just one day.
You're right.
I've mistaken.
I'm sorry,
and thank you,
for coming here and kindly explaining to me.
Yeah.
Keep living your life erasing ((memories?)).
Like that day,
I'm also going to disappear from you.
Team leader, we've got advertisment schedule from Kang Jin Chul's agency.
We've got the 2nd floor from the department store!
And this, I got this from the helpdesk.
I'm signing off after lunch.
Hyung
I know.
that I am very strange right now.
Yeah, you punk.
You aren't really like yourself, this time.
But.
I hate her so much.
I'm angry.
but I'm also very curious about her.
I am bothered by her.
Who?
Jin Chul?
Don't tell me... a girl...
Why are you being like this because of a girl!
The manly Kim Jaehyun?!
The problem is you're such a show-off.
Why are you out here in other people's neighborhood?
That day...
It was such a strange day.
Since morning, a ball flew over,
and hit my head.
I've even wore a red heels that I never wore in my life.
Yoonjoo announced his marriage with my first love.
In the train, some guy asked me to sleep with him
and then I actually did.
It was really a strange day.
As if it was made to be like that.
Meet him again, that guy.
I met him.
But I messed it up.
Because It might be painful.
Because I might get hurt again.
It's okay.
I feel really stupid.
Right? I'm really stupid.
I'm stupid.
It's okay.
Team leader, here's your coffee.
You bought a new laptop?
Yeah.
After saying that you don't want to throw your memories away...
I've gathered all the memories and loyalty and put it here. Why? Can't I do that?
You can, you can.
You did well!
Team leader-
Your lover was really cool.
Lover?
[CEO Kim Jae Hyun, Kang Jin Chul were disclosed as having donated the full amount of charity match advertising revenue to children's basketball teams]
I actually saw what's written on the note(?).
What was it again?
Note?
After seeing the note, I was moved. So I gave him the name of the cafe where you went to.
[I wish we could make that day, our everyday.]
Hey, are you done yet?
Yeah, it's done.
You're going here right? There's not much time left til it's done.
Hyung, I'm going to Chicago today, remember?
You're going by plane, so you can come there slowly by train.
Everyone's excited cause you're coming at 3pm. (?)
Take care of it hyung. I'll still have to stop by somewhere.
Come. If not, you'll regret it.
Why would I?
The thing is, this girl from the make up company is coming for the event.
Nevermind. Don't come. Anyways, come back safely.
I'm sorry, I'll take it first. Sorry.
Team lead-
Jaehyun?
What?
Where is Jaehyun?
[If you're confused, go with your first thought - Kim Jae Hyun]
That day...
All those things I said at the cafe, were all lies.
To say that...
you came all the way here?
Today..
If you're fine with it, I'm going to sleep with you.
Hey there! Hey...
Why..
Is she okay?
Why? A girl that you know?
Huh? No...
Let's go.
(Keep watching!! XD)
What's with this? Really..
Ah, yes.
Excuse me.
If you're fine with it, I'm going to sleep with you.
(English Subtitles brought to you by Yeoniverse ~ Yoo Yeon Seok IFC)
(Translation and timing by tokkipanda)
(Please do not hardsub or redistribute to your own YouTube accounts or other streaming sites.)
(Enjoy! visit yeoniverse.wordpress.com for more Yoo Yeon Seok goodies!)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org